README.md, before:

# Avatar Modular Assistant for Refinement & Integration
**An avatar modification assistant designed around a non-destructive workflow**

Avatar Modular Assistant is an Editor-based tool for Unity that assists with avatar refinement and outfit management while preserving a non-destructive workflow.  
It focuses on organizing, previewing, and preparing avatar modifications without directly altering original assets.

---

## Feature Overview


<img alt="Editor" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AmariNoa/Avatar-Modular-Assistant-for-Refinement-Integration/refs/heads/main/Documentation%7E/Images/AMARI_CustomizeWindow_v0_1_0_for_README.png">


### Outfit Management

#### Group Management
- Create and manage outfit groups
- Organize multiple outfit elements under logical groupings
- Enable structured avatar customization workflows

#### Preview
- Preview individual outfit groups directly in the Unity Editor
- Ensure only one preview group is active during preview mode
- Designed for safe and reversible testing

#### Build Inclusion Control
- Toggle whether each outfit group is included in the final build
- Maintain a clear separation between preview state and build state
- Support flexible configuration before upload

---

## Milestones

### Integration with Non-Destructive Modification Tools
- ModularAvatar support
- (Under consideration) lilycalInventory support

### Material Batch Replacement
- Planned functionality for bulk material reassignment
- Intended to streamline large-scale visual adjustments

---

## VPM Support

VPM (VRChat Package Manager) is not supported at this time.  
Support is currently under consideration and may be added in a future update.

Commit message:

[Update] Added VPM repository information to README.

README.md, after:

# Avatar Modular Assistant for Refinement & Integration
**An avatar modification assistant designed around a non-destructive workflow**

Avatar Modular Assistant is an Editor-based tool for Unity that assists with avatar refinement and outfit management while preserving a non-destructive workflow.  
It focuses on organizing, previewing, and preparing avatar modifications without directly altering original assets.

---

## VPM Support

This project supports VPM (VRChat Package Manager).

### Add Repository to VCC

To add this repository to VCC, click the link below:

[Add to VCC](vcc://vpm/addRepo?url=https%3A%2F%2Famarinoa.github.io%2FAmariNoa-VPM-Listing%2Findex.json)

If your browser asks for permission, allow it to open VCC.

### View Package Listing

To browse the package listing manually, visit:

[AmariNoa VPM Listing](https://amarinoa.github.io/AmariNoa-VPM-Listing/)

---

## Feature Overview


<img alt="Editor" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AmariNoa/Avatar-Modular-Assistant-for-Refinement-Integration/refs/heads/main/Documentation%7E/Images/AMARI_CustomizeWindow_v0_1_0_for_README.png">


### Outfit Management

#### Group Management
- Create and manage outfit groups
- Organize multiple outfit elements under logical groupings
- Enable structured avatar customization workflows

#### Preview
- Preview individual outfit groups directly in the Unity Editor
- Ensure only one preview group is active during preview mode
- Designed for safe and reversible testing

#### Build Inclusion Control
- Toggle whether each outfit group is included in the final build
- Maintain a clear separation between preview state and build state
- Support flexible configuration before upload

---

## Milestones

### Integration with Non-Destructive Modification Tools
- ModularAvatar support
- (Under consideration) lilycalInventory support

### Material Batch Replacement
- Planned functionality for bulk material reassignment
- Intended to streamline large-scale visual adjustments
